annot: Put some drained soaked chickpeas in a food processor
ACTID: 0
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] some drained soaked chickpeas (-1)
[PP, location, in] a food processor (-1)
annot: add some garlic oil
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some garlic oil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Add chopped onion, parsley, 1/2 spoon baking powder, coriander and sea salt
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chopped onion (-1), parsley (-1), 1/2 spoon baking powder (-1), coriander, sea salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add some sauce of your favourite
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some sauce of your favourite (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Blend everything in the food processor
ACTID: 4
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] everything (3)
[PP, location, in] the food processor (-1)
annot: Take the falafel paste out in a bowl
ACTID: 5
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the falafel paste (4)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add some gluten free flour
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some gluten free flour (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: mix it together
ACTID: 7
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (6)
[PP, other, ] together
annot: Shape it into small balls by hand
ACTID: 8
PRED: shape
[DOBJ, food] it (7)
[PP, other, into] small balls by hand (-1)
annot: fry on a baking tray with oil
ACTID: 9
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, location, on] a baking tray with oil (-1)